well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're going to talk about
the youth
those tick-tock teens get involved in
politics and how that's a bad thing
because they don't know enough
they're too young too inexperienced
don't really know what's going on yet
they're just not educated enough
first i would suggest that that's not
quite
as strong a point as those people who
say it think it is
but before we get into that i want to
point out some historical realities
real quick um when the declaration of
independence was signed
john paul jones was 28 you know the
father
of the u.s navy henry knox was 25 he
went on to run
all of our artillery james madison was
25 betsy ross was 24 alexander hamilton
was 21. nathan hell was also 21
you know he was involved in dalton's
rangers which
pretty much the forerunner to all
american special operations
aaron burr was 20. john trumbull
was 20 as well he's the guy who did all
the sketches of the british and american
lines and went on to be known as
the painter of the revolution that
painting you've seen
of the signing that was him
henry lee iii was 20 two years later he
was major lee of lee's legion
and pioneered what we know today as
maneuver warfare
james monroe was 18. lafayette was 18.
he was a major general
by 19 in just a few short years later in
1781 at a place called yorktown
his troops bottled up cornwallis and won
the war
i'm gonna suggest that young people have
a very
strong and illustrious tradition
of being involved in american politics
i would also point out that if you're
gonna say well it was different back
then
young people were better educated they
knew more
that that's not an indictment of young
people today that's an indictment of
us because we're the ones responsible
for their education
i would suggest that it is a citizen's
primary job
to make sure that the next generation is
properly educated
so i'm not sure that our failure would
be a mark against
them
i would also suggest that perhaps
it's better to get uh
some more forward thinking ideas
some ideas that are coming from people
who don't think everything's impossible
who don't look to the past and see that
as the future
who aren't stuck in uh
denying that the world is going to move
forward
maybe those are the voices we need to
listen to the most it worked out pretty
well for us in the past
i would imagine that there's a whole lot
of really good ideas
floating around out there right now that
are being ignored
simply because the person who came up
with them
was the age of alexander hamilton
or aaron burr or james monroe or
lafayette
to suggest that age is uh
the only thing that can qualify somebody
or even
a qualification to understand politics
to have an opinion on it worth listening
to is just wrong
more importantly i would point out that
those who are younger
have to live with the consequences a
whole lot longer
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day